oh you need removing boss cuz I'm the
Commando knob of
Mickey and I'm so a
fine Mickey today is going to be playing
the commander knob facing off against
asria also known as inura as the plague
champion on soltice Plateau not a very
common map
yeah they're experimenting with this
thing bit of a weird map it very open in
the center here to an extent I mean open
in terms of visibility but there's a lot
of this heavy cover hanging around
you've got this random power node on the
side here which feels so far away from
everything else with a Garrison nearby
to it too so you protect it potentially
with a
Havoc okay up here ambushing some
Heretics quite unlucky there got a bit
of spread on his shots and didn't manage
to kill a single heretic even though he
did all that damage unfortunate but the
PC and CSM are just bullying their way
through going straight for the power F
of the opponent so you can see this
distance here from your main base just
going up in a straight line to the four
and their gen Farm is not too
great but the map makes up for it by
having points like this really far away
on the sides and then this whole
Contraption with the double
VPS where you've
got little bit of asymmetry you've got
the oh no I don't think you can by
default take these this Garrison you'd
have to destroy the
cover so there's no Garrison near either
where are the rest can you take
these I'm not I'm not sure I don't
actually think you
can not sure any of these garrisons are
actually
usable any back to the
combat F me
nice little interception there by the
KOB getting into melee he should
probably be tying up the PC to stop the
pew pew slugger's getting some nice
specials I'm really surprised that we're
staying in combat here but they do have
the Heretics running over to assist and
yeah that's going to be good enough
really unlucky there Mickey wanting to
try and get a slugger uh a model off the
CSM with the Sluggers but not quite
managing
it yeah I'll be all right on the KOB
there got to bear in mind that plague
ball to damage and this is annoying
you've got the free models yeah it is
just sad free models in the CSM so
they're doing full range damage and
they're just getting nice healing there
from the noble
worship however storm boys are on r no
aspiring Champion nearby bad situation
for the chaos they're going to have to
get out of here he actually went for
double CSM
H interesting
trying to stall with the Doom blast oh
bad Retreat path oh they're so dead
Sluggers finish the
job
yep good positioning on the Sluggers
still no AC coming in and yeah just a
big route power of the zomo right
there wow a load of bleed there on the
Heretics and Retreat holy [__] nearly
killing them really nearly killing them
there 30 HP basically couple more swings
from two boys and that would have been
another Squad down yeah got to
prioritize the AC here before he takes
those fights I'm shocked that in took
those fights I wouldn't have I think as
soon as he seen the storm boys and
forced them to jump that should have
been right get out of there hide the
boys been activated right now so going
to be able to close in on the CSM
without them seeing they even got
burners so they doing power meley on two
of their Slugger boy
models yeah those CSM got to get out
there can they get them model I doubt it
not quite not quite so fearsome when
they lack
their knob leader in tier 2 going to
rotate this way and take the power he's
already got the power Mickey okay he's
going to rotate this way still no AC
instead inura is going for the feted
armor and the B spewer bit of
experimentation here like I said short
distance from the base to the power
point so that's somewhat effective o
look at that b view of damage there
with all the storm boys blobbing up not
ideal and now they're going to get onto
the Jens however the Sluggers are going
to do the same sort of
thing that's CSM distracted on the side
forced
off should have the energy left to get a
jump there with the stormbow on the PC
and that should shut him down I don't
think he's going to finish that
gen are they just going to walk into him
no now they let him they let him finish
the Gen that's unfortunate but the slug
has got two gens elves okay and finally
we get our aspiring Champion About Time
teab
Break yeah that's a very late aspiran
Champion for the
matchup wow with a feted armor he
managed to control the storm boys and
get rid of
them I wonder if he combined that with
the abil discharge or
not would be interesting to
see you can see the damage that the PC
does against the boys with that Bloody
BP is actually pretty damn good it
boosts his melee damage too for some
reason go up to 22 DPS melee from like I
don't know eight or something so pretty
substantial Eternal War picked up on one
of these CSM on both the CSM okay this
is a really interesting build for mikura
very
unorthodox so KOB going to attempt to
tie up
the plague Champion here with hide the
boys and the slugg is going to except
CSM all right
KOB KOB what are you
doing do we have a Unholy stench there
it
is there's the stench tick probably want
to focus on the stor boys should be able
to take them on quite easily with a BP
and CSM lpin why he Fighting fight AC
tick go oh my
goodness yeah does fire on the move the
B spe and the thing is it will reduce
the damage that anything it hits does so
pretty good in a Big Brawl but lots of
damage coming in from the shooters there
these guys as you can see lots of yellow
buff circles all of them buffed by W and
yeah there was a lot of investment there
into the PC so him falling right now is
not a good situation to be
in mini Cara really missing that second
heretic Squad he's having to cap with an
eternal War CSM really he should be
doing that with a default heretic but of
course he lost it and never replaced it
and that's kind of a big deal because
inura just repurchasing his plague
Champion Now is really really low on
requisition I mean yeah he's not even
got 100 and Mickey is in tier two
literally just purchased a sluggan
KN yeah that's not
good feted goes off again pressing those
storm boys can he get some
models no big sad I mean that's the
disadvantage of AOE weapons they might
do a lot of DPS but they don't actually
peel off those
models so that's quite unfortunate no
actual bleed inflicted
there God only knows how inura stays in
this game Shooters do you want to finish
the Gen yeah they got it they got to get
out of there now with the AC ticks
moving in no investment in the shooters
just kep them default running around for
capping likewise with a
KOB this might be a bit of a tricky
fight over here though against the
Eternal War
CSM k pass subar range so they will be
able to shoot him at max range while the
caps and not get shot unless they walk
out like this and get really close silly
CSM silly
CSM and another push from the
PC finally going TI two with inura
we what's Mickey doing he's getting the
knob leader he's getting the special
shoer I'm not sure why he's getting the
special shooter to be
honest maybe just
experimentation believe it were changed
recently or maybe it's the next patch
it's due to change I think it's
something to do with that passive knock
back it's going to be less
RNG got an important Target
here I am you D but generally you get
that against Heretics right because of
the high amount of models but there's
only one heretic Squad and two CSM
so I don't really see the
point like okay you killed two Heretics
on
Retreat
wow if you got Kaboom it could have been
a
wipe but he
didn't but the weapon itself is
essentially less effective against CSM
than his default shooter so yeah I just
I find this purchase extremely odd
Mickey of course doesn't realize quite
how much of a tech lead he had there
otherwise he would have end this game
with a death
dread but he's basically allowed inura
to catch up and somehow inura seems to
be doing rather well on map control and
protecting his genam which seems so odd
given the lead that Mickey had in Tech B
once again going to be putting pressure
on the Jens should get this gen oh the
slers are stopping what are they doing
they're going the other way okay CU
storm boys are meant to be taking on the
PC fair
enough fine so only one gen Falls there
not too big of a deal Mickey's gen
income not great but his stockpile is
pretty
fantastic going to see a touch of nurgle
I seen it coming and now I said it after
it occurred but I I was I think my
thoughts were too fast for my gob right
there definitely seeing it coming cuz
obviously by default the Sluggers would
win that fight touch a nurgle just
ensures that the Heretics have no
problem in the
fight and that helps inura keep the map
pressure on retain that map control he
is up 376 VPS to now under 300 VPS for
Mickey so what's he going to do what's
Mickey doing what is what is the play is
he waiting for the power to go TI three
be very vulnerable to a vehicle in that
case I'm looking looking like a dreadnut
right now if we look at the resources of
any Qui well pretty well positioned here
to get a nice little dreadnut out it's
going to caused problems Commander knob
of course no AV in tier 2 yeah he's
going to have to wait till tier three to
get any
AV and in combination with the BP that
could mean bye-bye your
gens I'll have to see
didn't actually hit the Sluggers there
with the feted which is not
ideal the Unholy
stench cuz now they're all moving in and
causing problems on the Gen Farm inura
does have the dreadn coming on the way
but the thing is Mickey's going to be
tier three if he can save up 50 power he
can get the missile launcher on the
commander which would be amazing the
ability on that missile launcher I think
it's called right in me crosshairs or
something it's basically as good as the
high explosive shells against Heretics
really nice AOE
damage less of an area than the special
shooter but still very good and against
targets that blob up quite a lot with a
tight formation and Heretics are like
that but of course it also provides
really powerful a against the kill
dreadnut I believe it's on power of a
tank Buster
Squad Commandos have been called in as
well so we'll see how these
perform so Mickey has just got his tier
three so he should be able to get the
Commando knob with the big hammer which
I believe is heavy melee that will
contribute something to dealing with the
dreadn in tandem with the missile
launcher on the Commando Noob we should
be in a pretty good spot then
ah so in he's just noting how the Bly is
discharged combined with the passive
slow of the BP actually results in
immobilization because the combination
of them exceeds 100% or at least meets
it no not beder on these guys guys
they're trying to infiltrate yeah there
we go yeah they should rip these CSM to
Pieces so long as Slaughter isn't
active Okay
yeah with the Billy is dis charged going
down there and a PC and a dreadn waiting
around the corner to help the CSM that
is
byebye to the
commanders look who captured your
Victory
Place ah the AR blast Masters have
returned again successfully dodged the
damage though with a jump there
beautifully done the jump does make you
take 90% reduced
damage so that was nice for
them and a looted tank is going to be
the
choice okay blast Master onto Sluggers
ooh big
shot God it's so juy every time pin them
in place there beautifully with the Bas
krear probably wants to go into melee
right now see if he can grab that no
leader nope didn't go into melee well
that's a
mistake got a bit of a tank Buster bomb
from the Commandos onto the dreadnut
here oh this could be a dangerous
position for the
looted blast mastera is in range of it
so that can do some a if it can hit but
as long as the loot is says mobile that
should be all right oh he's not moving
it oh he did move it at last minute
there so he didn't get a rear armor just
a normal Commandos can they do something
to disrupt this blast Master holy [__]
it nearly cost them their life is it
going to cost them their life with the
CSM firing in indeed it does but they
did throw off a stun
bomb can the looted tank kill the dreadn
it's got really high damage per hit no
it turns around and shoots the
blastmaster oh my god
wow quite the fail there exposing its
rear armor to the blast needs to dodge
this shot okay there was a misfire
because it went behind the line and
sight block of the Loy tank will live
for another day but so does the dreadn
that's the
problem tier two blast Master putting in
work someo jump in clear model probably
going to jump out oh they're going for
the kill wow but the PC is there to
repair as well I think they can just
stand and fight this with a double
repairs I'm pretty sure the dreadn
wins
yeah L tank not really known for its DPS
against vehicles but it is very mobile
look at that maaz coming down there for
the dreadn dedicating itself to an a
roll swapping out that auto Cannon which
is anti-all for a missile launcher that
misses infantry but does more damage
against the
vehicles enem one of our
point so in a 1 V one fight now between
this Z dreadnut and the looted tank the
Z dreadnut will dominate as you would
expect because the zek dreadnut cannot
fire whilst moving backwards unlike the
tank and of course it's much slower than
the tank so Mickey needs to use those
speed advantages to his Advantage but
let's see if he can manage it ion and
urle now picked up by the PC not bad
makes sense with a kit
passive AE damage around
himself some upgr on the
shooters mostly just using them to cap
clearly which is fine oh bit of a Mis
micro here I don't think was he realized
they're going down aren't they with the
speed boost from the w wow quite tanky
boys can't even kill them with a bomber
boy's ability that was optimistic to be
fair they're on 75 hp bom boys did that
much that would be ridiculous just
instantly wipe a heretic Squad at full
health noty no more
[Music]
power so bit of a change of plan here
for Mickey he was originally going to go
for the double looted tank I think he
seen that it was a Z SH not afterwards
and was like H maybe not he's going to
go for the knobs instead so Z dreadn no
melee resists so very very vulnerable to
heavy melee like the storb knob or more
importantly really the knob Squad
themselves but plague Champion is
notoriously good against melee so we'll
see he doesn't have his usual plague
fist build
here so he himself is not going to be
great against the melee no not back
immunity armor either but he can
certainly control the knobs knobs are
still suppressible they're not like
termin in that
regard something that justifies the fact
that they can Retreat unlike
Terminators but yeah maybe some chosen
plague Marines next to deal with the
knobs
perhaps blast Masters just guarding the
right hand side here the contested VP
whilst the main Force tries to retain
their natural and some idden knobs now
with mea and Greener and now upgrading
their knob leader as well are going to
be ambushing these blast
Masters ah didn't quite get the knock
back there from a
special well they get a model turret
going down on the natural
VP bit of an odd decision against the
commander knob who can easily infiltrate
around it and kill it with
the
burners and then you've got the looted
tank as well which can Ambush it
yeah but here we go t dread going to
walk to the left try and persuade that
tank to leave this is the problem the
Tank's so fast as I say in a 1 V
one t dread will dominate this tank but
there's no reason a tank ever has to
take a 1 V one cuz it's so much
faster now you could mitigate that if
you snared it but there's no plague
Marines so no snare for chaos available
showing rear armor right now is the
looted tank quite lucky actually that it
missed two of its missiles there two of
that triple barrage hit
two
again yeah another I the boys on the
knob Squad is going to make quick work
of that turret needed to sneak something
over to the VP but to be fair at this
point the looted tank can deal with it
finally we're getting the rocket
launcher on the K now B this is going to
be pretty
big yeah tied up in melee with a K knob
another down side of the te
dread dead what's
this oh that's a in me crossair not
doing a lot of damage there but doing a
surprising amount not back to be
honest PC really controlling the knobs
there
beautifully wow look at the damage
coming out of this Commander knob yeah
got a time up in melee and he does wow
both vehicles killing one another quite
hilarious have these both got zinch yeah
double Mac of zinch CSM but storb is
going to shut them up real
quick oh the plague Champion is still
around yeah we couldn't see him thanks
to that replay bug will the sluggan knob
get another chop nope okay I can claim
him but here is another Touch of nurgle
how many models this CSM Squad got see
it's amazing when they're really low HP
with high models because the the
explosions from the Heretics heal
so it's healed those CSM and kept them
in the fight and that's pretty brutal
with a noxious Cloud drop down as well
massive commitment from minura there in
terms of red but he won the damn fight
and he's keeping this one AC in getting
even more regen for the
CSM not going to be easy to deal with
them the double ma ofch as well
providing them with a lot of damage
against potentially knobs a heavy
infantry I'm going to have to be very
careful not sure why the no Marines are
moving so close oh because they're
trying to cap
huh oh well not much they can do about
that I the boys again on the knobs quite
smart here they would have taken a lot
of damage closing the
distance but there you go straight into
melee they get that range resistance
from being in melee and it's happy days
for these
knobs slay CSM Left Right
Center and a loot attack to follow up
man Mickey is just pumping out those
tier three units isn't
he going to be another dreadn here for
inura got to be honest the BP has done
pretty damn good look at this extra
melee damage even helping him kill a
model on Retreat there with his super
fists literal fists and check that out
as well wow the full of
immobilization green
nice yeah I mean it's a good counter to
melee there's no doubt about it but
unfortunately he doesn't do too much to
a tank unlike the commander knob with
this weapon of course this is a tier
three weapon Inu at this point clearly
accepted he is not going to be getting
tier three it simply will not happen
he's got to get the Kos dreadnots to be
able to have any sort of shot really
dealing with these looted tanks yeah
each Marines outputting some really nice
damage for in there against the
knobs touch and urle is a good counter
however frenzy active there giv the
suppression immunity so the heretic Doom
blast didn't do a whole lot but still
knobs really low on HP just going to get
out of there and here we go t dread back
at it again as I say dominates the
looted tank if it's a 1 V one situation
but as you can see right now the
commander knob is been an absolute pain
look at that just man the damage he can
output with that rocket is absolutely
nuts we've got physics effects
breaking absolutely mental I don't even
know what caused that was that L tank
shot send that CSM all the way up to
Z vp's getting pretty low for inura
right now he's actually doing very well
managed to get a two to zero cap
partially sacrificing those CSM there
Sluggers need to do something I don't
know why they stood idle but yeah shoot
was likely going to get back onto the
point slugas probably should go take the
contested down there there is actually
enough in defending it right now or is
there oh there is there's blast
Masters yeah it it is difficult on this
map there's not a lot of of cover that
can be crushed it's it's can be
frustrating I do dislike uncrushable
cover it's very frustrating to fight
especially an IG
player the game feels balanced around
the fact that you can Crush most of the
cover on the map with your Sentinel when
you suddenly can't do that because the
type of cover on the map oh it doesn't
feel good not a great situation there
for the
knobs potentially taking loads of damage
especially when they're already on half
HP there from the double z spring tried
to M mitigate there with the hide the
boys but apparently this blob of crap
can detect or something very strange
first knob to fall is the knob leader of
the knobs how odd and yeah K radnar kind
of struggling to stay alive here because
of its immobility holy [__] that was a
huge boom shot my
God that killed so many Heretics there's
some nice damage over time there to the
CSM hilariously the CSM just brute
forcing their way for a tank I mean
that's quite funny is that not
funny when all the noobs complain about
the the CSM that's what they're
complaining about cuz they don't know
how to counter it in fact inura now
following up with plague Marines as well
brilliant
brilliant I think the commander no I
don't know what he was doing down here
against the noise
Marines I'm surprised he couldn't have
just infiltrated and at least got the
Decap very strange but this is not going
to go too well I don't
think oh the elevation making it
overshoot a little bit actually he needs
to attack ground like here or something
to knock these two Lads off the point
but the point gets decaps and inura
loses line of sight for it which is why
the blast Masters aren't
shooting knobs are going to disuade that
blast Master Squad
anyway probably better off putting it
over here where you don't have to
contend with the elevation so it
actually functions well autonomously
without you having to beys City
it plague Marines providing quite a
fright here for the looted tank might be
worth sending the Sluggers in after this
point it's going have to be quick though
I don't think they're going to get in in
time well they might tanks moving away
can they shoot a missile
shot ooh the oh the knobs the knobs are
there the knobs are there the Doom blast
is late oh the knock back from the
plague Marines dying oh my God they're
running into melee okay they get the
kill but they got to die for it right
knobs hello can you even catch them
P nearly not quite wow they actually get
out the knock back there on death from
the plague Marine is extremely powerful
extremely flash gates are the choice for
Mickey huh I mean this the thing is
they're heavy infantry as you see here
so they're still going to melt to the
for the upgraded zch
Marines The Inferno bolters and the CSM
only do normal damage to heavy infantry
but the plasma gun on the AC does bonus
damage so that's going to be quite
brutal flash kits do have Superior range
but they're only piercing on the snaz
guns so not going to be
great okay a nice rotation here on the
blastmaster a lot more useful Protec
this VP so I like it and another noxious
Cloud as well I mean bleeding
Mickey he hasn't been able to get out
anything too crazy in tier three I mean
you know he's got a lot of threats out
but it's been slow and steady and every
time he's got a new one he seems to have
lost a prior one
secure another Squad of Commandos just
using them to try and Ambush the
blastmaster I
imagine which is cleverly used right now
rotating constantly Commandos were
uninfiltrated but it doesn't look like
inar has seen this react reacts in good
time
though okay nothing down here but the
Heretics no touching urle so I'm not
really optimistic for the s of those
Heretics definitely need to get on the
point trying to defend it now from
plague
Marines should be decent knock back
there you go prevents the
Decap might Brute Force the way through
very risky with knobs coming over there
I probably wouldn't do that I would
probably be getting out of there with my
plague
Marines is he going to get it he gets
the Decap is it worth it let's find out
again knockback probably saving them if
that knockback didn't happen then I
probably would have killed that other
plague Marine Squad but there you have
it knock back very strong indeed and
blast Master is in the appropriate
position this is just a VP scrap at this
point
Lads plague Champion did at some points
up out to the plague vist oh going to
fall there to the knobs but juwels CS
him getting compromised by the knobs you
like to see it but here come the
Heretics okay those guys need to get out
yeah they're very expensive to reinforce
you really don't want to be reinforcing
them unless
necessary but this is tricky CSM pushing
forward once again off the natural there
of Mickey but Commandos on the other
side of the map have ambushed the noise
Marines and nearly killed them
bizarre so I guess I don't know he's
just defending the contested right now
he is going to need to leave something
over there otherwise the plague Marines
are just going to Waddle up and take it
so we'll
see probably will just leave these
Commandos over here I would imagine they
would do enough damage to kill the
plague Marines before they get a Decap
but maybe not certainly not if they if
they don't Target them pretty
fast and more idden boys coming down now
the Sluggers do know if you use hide the
boys and then you get an upgraded Squad
model like like the knob leader he will
not be hidden which is a bit of a
problem cuz right now the enemy can just
see this one Slugger running around but
obviously they click on it and they can
see the HP in the models and yeah way
too
many so for off the plague Marines at
least did the Commandos now we've got a
grappling hook on the Commando knob
going to go for the VP now that it seems
to be nothing protecting it which is
quite smart though let's see if he gets
seen with pins attack from knobs and
Sluggers that could be pretty brutal but
it doesn't look like he got seen at
least from the Sluggers
damn that's
mad okay I'm I'm losing it that's that's
Mickey's hero of course he's not getting
seen I'm really confused because it's
the I thought this would be the chaos
cuz it's the chaos natural VP Jesus
Christ okay big engagement at the top
here Heretics ooh are they going to fall
they got special there by the knobs wow
how did that aspire Champion get out
from the knobs and the
knob the knob Squad literally would have
killed that AC in one more hit the CSM
just trying to delay yeah for some
reason inura is camping on the natural
VP of Mickey that's what was confusing
me they've sort of rotated the natural
VPS for some reason flash is getting
absolutely melted right now by the CSM
got too close to them and just ripped to
pieces by The Inferno B and the plasma
frenzy has been activated on the knobs
giving them 75% damage resistance they
are tanking right now but it has one off
and the plasma comes out immediately
slaying one of those knobs and that's it
the VPS are out Mickey owned the natural
play Marine's too slow to get over there
because that KOB after all did capture
the VP without the Sluggers killing
him and uh no one no one took over this
Commandos did the job they held the
ground there and were
uncontestable wow so in spite of all the
power of those double level four
CSM that was it
it knobs did pretty good level four
knobs man so tanky wow even nearly 4,000
HP on them you still seeing the power of
these double fully upgraded each care
Space Marines but yeah no no support for
them no Weir boy no pain boy no war
truck that does definitely mitigate the
power of that knob Squad quite a lot
quite a lot Commando I think did really
good it's just a shame he spent a lot of
the game running around with weapons
that not really very good against chaos
space Marines which seem to be the
biggest threat you know this rocket
launcher was phenomenal at taking out
the two dreadnots to the point at which
inura realized hang on I need to stop
getting dreadnots here and I need to get
myself some plague Marines instead and
that was a really good choice very good
timing for him to get them they
definitely put in their work they were
good but ultimately not great enough in
the end Shrine attempted to use it there
in the end but using a shrine against a
rocket launcher
knob well you seen the result the knob
kills it in what like two shots pretty
crazy anyway that is going to be all for
you boy toppet this time folks hope you
enjoyed this one tell me what you think
about the map as well Stice Plateau what
do you think about this map it's a bit
of a weird one honestly um in terms of
game playay I really don't even know how
to feel about it yeah weird I'm not sure
yet topid signing out
[Music]
n